# GamesAndToys-Store

Welcome to my Angular with .Net core CRUD app. 

This app consists of two independent projects, one is the server app that is a net core API, it implements the repository pattern to get data; initial data is generated by the class: DataSeedGenerator.cs and is loaded into memory thanks to EF in Memory provider (https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory).

A base controller is in charge of defining the behavior for the product controller and also gives basic CRUD operations that can be used as any REST API.

The server app uses "CORS" to allow the front end app to connect and also has browser disabled from config. to enhance its backend purpose.

The second part is the front end app, made with angular CLI, it has 3 main components: 

add-update-product.component 

This component has a template for a simple form that allows us to add and update new products into the store.

products-list.component

This component has the template to display a table with all the database products, it also emits events for delete and update including a confirmation for deletion.

app-component

This main component is the parent component and serves as the central point to manage the HTTP service created to connect with the REST API.

An HTTP injectable service has been created to access the main endpoint and generate the correct calls to it depending on the headers; this service is a dependency of the app-component module and is constructor injected using the provider array from the main app angular module.